Sorry to hear that man, in the future you may want to have multiple granaries, one close to your berries/deer/fish and one for your veggies/apples/honey.
Also I just store ale at the tavern or keep it in the brewery for this reason
Yeah but it doesnt seem to affect much though
Incredible stuff! How did you maintain character consistency? Did you generate a consistent character image and then use the image-to-video feature?
I do too but I rarely finish a game haha. Too little late game content
I do too but I rarely finish a game haha. Too little late game content
You have to kill the bandit units, or donate crop yields though the manor (tithing, different from taxation).
That proximity is ridiculous, deep mining, two fishing huts, vegetable, orchards, and trade iron for malt.
imo trading raw materials is easier than trading crafted goods in the current build. High quantity stuff is easy to stock, and you could have multiple trading posts up without any major issues.
The exact opposite of this is plate armor. It takes forever to build, requires three points, and needs eight iron slabs to make it. Its cheaper to just export the ore, and since its a low quantity trade, its hard to stick multiple trade posts with it
Yeah I was doing alright and then as soon as I upgraded to tier 3 my town was in shambles. I didnt notice how demanding it was going to be
So in general each family will eat each type of food equally. Which means those with low supply are more likely to be consumed first.Eggs I believe each plot only produces one per month, so it's helpful, but won't be sufficient to maintain food diversity
I build my cities close to the borders of others, that way I'm not managing multiple cities at once. The best is building it at the three-way border. That way you're basically managing three cities at once.
Breakfast - BuvetteCoffee - LyriaLunch - Tsukemen okiboruCoffee - La cabraDinner - IsodiDrinks - Double chicken please
\- the hype has definitely faded, you can see that with the price as well as the number of people discussing it on X, or even here\- haven't seen much innovation in the space at all, the momentum seems to have shifted to solana memecoins, and dissipated after that\- again, people no longer seem interested. I found linksDAO to be an interesting concept of fractionally owning a golf course, and they're still active but not much hype around them anymore either. Most major brand NFT collaborations have died down as well\- the NFT craze has not settled into something sustainable, it's dead. Can it come back? Possibly, it has happened before, when cryptopunks and cryptokitties were first hot in 2017-ish, then died, then came back during 2020-2022.\- will there be a big boom? I personally don't think it would in the way we think of NFTs as collectables. A major thesis was around digital scarcity, and that seemed possible during covid, but post covid people went back to f2f interactions. Digital scarcity could become a hot topic again if we see a broader adoption of VR or even XR, but that seems a bit down the line. I think fractional ownership of assets could be interesting, but they'd just be fungible tokens, not NFTI see so many one-off posts on this community with only a couple responses. Can't believe there's 2.7M members here. That alone should tell you that NFTs are no longer something people are interested in. I'd love to be proven wrong, since I feel that there was alot of potential, but so far it seems like the community is dead
Millenials have less kids, so they have more time and money to spend on themselves. Millenials are also getting married less and later in life, meaning we allocate more effort on self care
I wore a toga. she showed up in regular clothes
Closest expression is naraku ochiwhich means falling from the stage, used in kabuki. Its a way to say going to hell, but neither the literal translation nor the actual meaning is an expression for child suicide.
Source: Im Japanese
Fyi it says
Dear mom, everything I encounter from now is thanks to you
(Its a Mothers Day special chocolate)
how did you make that diagram? I've been doing it in ascii lol
Its pretty hard to get consistent characters when theyre photorealistic tbh. I guess our eyes are more lenient when its cartoon.
Any tips for photo realism would be appreciated!
Cant really discuss this without your strategy. If youre setting up on the coast over river, your strategy must involve maritime trades. Also means you benefit from other cities being on the coast. It also means you need some navy to protect your shipping routes and coastal cities.
imagine making 60fps videos with photos from OAI images. nothing on the internet can be trusted
Surprised I dont see project zomboid. Graphics are retro but the game is so well made. Who knew that you needed a pipe wrench (instead of a regular wrench) to plumb the sink!
This happens when you are in an advanced technological era than the AI. You can adjust to only give them gold, or other resources which you might not need (e.g. iron/coal).
Would you be interested in a trade agreement with England?
He used to shoot well and have impact when no one had him on the radar, and opponents didnt have him on their scouting report.
Now that theres pressure to perform, and opponents develop plans on how to deal with him, hes not doing so well.Really shows how hard it is to perform when the lights are bright and people are counting on your 3s
Not in Chelsea but Washington square park has the pigeon whisperer. Bear in mind hes definitely eccentric and curses a lot so might not be a family friendly guy to talk to.
Also the corner of 46th and 6Av always has insane number of pigeons. Like a lot.
Also left, considering therell be an awkward gap between your 3rd city, where AI civs will most likely try to spam settlers into if youre not careful
Venice and Austria are annoying since they buy city states, skewing with the world congress votes. Also Venice spams missionaries like crazy
Its a hard balance to strike, since without growth tiles you cant reach a pop to build Petra before the AI does, but growth tiles (exception of oasis) arent buffed by Petra
Calm down hes talking about the cloud making the shower
Ok 5 more min with a 5pt deficit. Im ready to be disappointed again
The most unrealistic part is that 18k will get you a cafe in Paris
Little do they know many top American colleges have a ton of international students on an F1 visa, which leads to STEM OPT and (hopefully) to an H1B visa.
<Spoiler>Also we now know thats current Bonny
Im not going to be disappointed anymore. I know how the warriors give us slight hope just to disappoint
Didnt doubt warriors would lose this one
Am I watching basketball with ads or ads with some basketball sprinkled in between
I used to be one, and Im grateful for the opportunity to find a better life here in the US
Im hoping people realize after this that its not a left or right issue, but rather those with wealth pitting those less fortunate against each other.
Hopefully we can realize this before its too late and develop meaningful solutions
Im definitely done after curry. It was awesome seeing an underdog like him demolish taller players, revolutionize the game with his 3pt shooting.
Wemby is an alien, but I cant cheer for him the way I could for curry since its almost a given that tall players have an advantage (although 7ft+ players have their own longevity challenges).
Oh and the proliferation of gambling definitely doesnt help either. As a matter of fact, theres way too many ad breaks.Cut the number of ads in half, make consistent ref calls, and get gambling out of the league. But we know none of those are happening, so Im definitely out.
Cloisters, Noguchi museum, more art galleries
You can ask it to alter its speed and complexity of the response if you ask it to. It'll update its memory accordingly as well.The problem I'm encountering is that it just stops responding after 5 back-and-fourth. Restarting it doesn't help either. I agree the quality has degraded since they came out with the new price tier
They're in the middle so they can see the door closing, making sure no one gets stuck. Other trains probably have sensors in the doors so they know when someone's being squashed
Im down to help! Do it at wsp and put up fliers around the city.
Like the Timothe Chalamet lookalike contest
Apparantly youre the top 1% here on reddit lolol
Our GCP Credits hard at work haha
Having your health insurance claim denied.
You think youre covered because youve paid diligently every month, but then an accident happens, and youre thrown into an endless cycle of calls, being passed around from one representative to another, trying to make sense of it all.
Apparantly wallframes are better because they dont break
Go to the fire station and stock up on axes. Then go to the hardware store and get a sledgehammer. Destroy the staircase to the second floor of the fire station so zombies cant get to it.
Stop by the bookstore and VHS store to get The generator magazine and skill tapes, then head to the gun store.
If you have the burgler trait Hotwire vehicles, and then secure some food and water.Iykyk
Oh interesting, I've been going about once a month recently but haven't noticed. I'm going on Sunday again so will let you know what I think
Thats a good suggestion. Ive found the level below to be too easy doing the optimal route, so will try that
The optimal strategy I've discovered is the following1. rush artist/writer slots and fill them
2. rush renaissance era via acoustics
3. bulb writer to fill rationalism slots
4. if AI wants to be friends, accept (unless negative impact with neighboring civs) and do research agreement
5. internal food routes (usually to city with artist slots)
6. pay neighbors to fight eachother (so you don't get attacked)
7. rush and work science buildings
8. 7 turns (10 if standard speed) after building and rushing research lab (and working the slot), bulb science, beeline for stealth bombers. (if you have a religion use faith to buy 3-4 scientists)
9. if you have the capacity, build out military buildings (up to military academy) so you have air repair
10. go dominate or yeet off to spaceI'm usually ahead of AI by the time I build research labs (although they may have more total techs since they fill the science tree more balanced), and left them in the dust when I bulbIt does get a bit boring after a while though, so I'm trying to find ways to diversify the gameplay.
Hermit with internal trade routes, max rationalism, work every specialist slot, bulb scientists, yeet off to space.
Dont walk slow. If youre going to admire the view do it out of the way of pedestrians
Whole pie is always better than a slice. You can get a good sit down pie between two people, or to take home.Whole pie: Johns on Bleecker (usually 30 min wait)Slice: Lucia Pizza of SoHo (Caramelle Piccanti)
Ive noticed this sub is pro-West leaning. If you want a pro-China leaning response you should check out r/sino.
We all have our biases. Personally I enjoy lurking in both since the answer is somewhere in between.
The Coach USA bus takes you to Penn station, Bryant Park, or Grand central. If there's 4 of you I'd suggest an uber though, since the price point isn't that different.If you still want to take the bus, download the Coach USA, and buy the tickets in advance. Or pay by cash at the bus stop. It's a bit hard to find though, so might want to ask around as well.
Bold of you to assume Im out of my bed
My personal experience has definitely gotten worse.
Flight delays are expected at this point, fleets are older with louder engines and narrower cabins, and overall service quality seems to have degraded
Im not using it as frequently as I had wished. The battery life is too low to use while flying (even with the extra battery bank it wont last a full cross country flight)Ive not used it at work yet since its socially awkward, and people see it weird.
Ill use it at wfh now that they have widescreen but 1-2hrs is the max I can do before I need a breakBut holy shit. When I enter immersive videos on appleTV I love it. Its the coolest thing in the world.
You should spam cheap units like scouts into their territory so their units are forced into moving west
The problem is that tithe is so op, and for some reason AI never pick it. Ive never done your strat so will give it a try though
Dating apps have been normalized but I still would prefer irl encounters compared to apps. Apps also make you see dates as trivial, since theres always another girl one tap away.
I usually take the time to leave quality comments, and around 1/3 of them materialize into matches. Some will just like without responding, but I feel like more often than not they do respond.
It might also be the type of people Im attracted to though. Ive noticed those in their early 20s arent really good at conversations, or get more matches so they dont care as much.Is there a certain demographic you tend to match with? (Race, age, career)
In person 100% You never know if it fits you unless you see it irl. The lines can get long, but its often worth it. I got three pairs of shoes and a shirt at the rag&bone one the other day for $130, original price wouldve been $1000Try to go on the first day if you can, since they do sell out quickly. Be ready to wait an hour or two.Also if you have a female friend whos got good taste in clothes, just ask her what you think would look good in. Ask her if shes down to go shopping with you.
At that height you should check out 260 sample sale for your favorite brands. They have good brands that do sales on samples throughout the year. A lot of the sizes left over are XS or XL, so itd fit you well.In terms of brands, heres some of my favorites
- APC
- Acne studios
- Rag&Bone
- Maison kitsuneYou should also check out second street for second hand clothing. Theyve got some good hauls there
The crazy part is that they still couldnt get a stop on this play!
Made in Abyss and Akihito Tsukushi. Some say its peak anime
Literally me. Diety Persia Petra with Chechen Itza
First of all you look good! But if you want to become more "conventionally attractive", here are some of my suggestions. Just personal opinions, take them or leave them.**Do away with glasses -**Have you considered contacts? If not you should look into it. Or lasik although that's a bit pricy (and scary to some). I did it and was the best decision ever.**Work out -**make sure to get enough protein and look into creatine as wellI'd recommend losing weight though cardio & eating healthier, as well as build muscle though bench and squats. Don't forget to stretch too since you can injure yourself! And get a gym rat to spot you. Once you start losing weight you'll see your face slim down as well[[**Fashion -**Uniqlo is a good start, but you gotta dress well in Uniqlo[(If you're in Japan just buy them there it's cheaper haha)I wouldn't recommend you wearing anime related items if you're trying to be "conventionally attractive". Make it something very subtle, like a tiny totoro tattoo on your wrist, or a ring which doesn't shout ANIMEEEEE! Also if someone asks your about it you can elaborate on your interest, but keep it short and succinct so you don't nerd out until you know they are interested in learning more.If you can afford it, go one layer above and try Cos[**Eyebrows** **-**Go get your brows done at an Indian threading place. Take a picture of it, and try to recreate it via shaver below[**Skincare -**You seem to be on the oily side like me. Wash your face daily, and use a decent face cream and serum. Here's the ones I use.[[[**Hair** \-Honestly I don't know. You could grow it out, shave it, or keep as is. If you're going to shave it keep the beard because you gotta keep one of them. If you're worried about balding there's these crazy services in Turkey where they will regrow your hair (example below). My colleague did it and he looked messed up for a month but now looks amazing (not at this particular spot).[Last but not least, get yourself out there! Getting experience with women/men whoever you are attracted to, is the best way to build confidence. Make mistakes, learn, and grow as a person.Wishing the best for you!
I think you should just shave it off entirely. Get this shaver, it's a bit pricy but you'll never have to worry about shaving again (until you get a blade replacement in a few years)[
fyi aircrafts don't get this benefit, so building a city next to it won't be worth it
There are some key technologies which can give you significant advantage in the early game, either in military or in science. The ones for military are composite Bowmans, chariots, crossbow etc, but the great library doesnt really help you obtain these since theyre on the opposite side of the tech tree. As in, if you want to beeline for those its faster to research those tech instead of researching and beelining for great library.I think the great library can be beneficial in getting to theology faster, which will get you toborobudur. Thats game changing if you are pushing for religion (which honestly you should unless there are reasons not to).The great scientist points are great to have early on, although you often use them for bulk popping once you have research labs up and running.I usually play at deity where the AI starts miles ahead in technology so dont even bother, but if youre playing king or emperor it should be a decent strat.
Is there a mod which automatically does this? Would be very helpful :/
This is a painting!? from 1955!? Incredible
Its a combination of multiple factors, your military strength, the amount of GPT/luxury you can offer, their military might, the other civs might, etc.
What seems to impact it the most is how bloodthirsty the AI is. Shaka will go to war with almost anyone, its impossible to get Ghandi to attack, unless hes got nukes. I feel that its balanced considering that the violent civs tend to attack you, and those are the ones you can bribe relatively easily.
Even if the civs arent neighbors, if you can get them to declare war on one another they will most likely not attack you, which is already a win. You have the largest disadvantage at the beginning of the game, so its easier to catch up as you invest the resources to non-military infrastructure, while your competitors burn hammers on swords and arrows.
It depends on whos my neighbor, if theyre peaceful its not too hard, unless someone runs away on science. Try to pit them against each other by bribing them to go to war with each other, which might be easier if you have warmongering neighbors.
No more TP/tissue in your bedroom
Oh I hate it when this happens. I remember they were doing all of 10th avenue or something for 20 blocks and it was horrible!At least the outcome was worth it though
At this point I've written off all my purchases as a loss. I think I had like 5k in it at some point, but I'm not even sure if I was able to take it out via ECOMI either :/It's not just an veve issue, from BitClout to friendtech to Rally to NFTs in general, it's basically gone.I'm treating it as a every expensive life lesson and will be much more cautious when a new hype begins
I appreciate you guys continuing to build this despite the current situation. Please keep it coming!
The founders may have had good intentions, but they definitely didnt deliver on them. As for the brands that veve partnered with, they probably saw it more as a marketing opportunity, and considering how a few people care about NFTs, they see the impact of their apathy as negligible to the overall brand image.
Disney for instance, have received way more flack about trying to use Disney+ terms and conditions on the victim who died in their theme park.
The reality is that mainstream attention has moved away from NFTs (if there ever was any), and so theyve written it off as one of the many, many things theyd like to sweep under the rug.
I actually like having no signal on the trains. It's funny seeing people frantically refreshing their tiktok feed even though they know it's not going to load
Had some in my school (masters program). Very positive and fun people to be around. Pretty racially diverse, although one of the parents was always white.
I really enjoyed one dinner where a Mormon person, an orthodox Jewish person, and a catholic person was at the same table debating religion.
They used to be on the dance floor at large school parties (sober), but left as soon as the clock struck ten, which I thought was responsible.
Uncle boon's crab fried rice is the best
Welp one less hallucination they do
Did the URL work? That seems like something AI can never really figure out
If the 4 poneglyphs show the coordinates, why do you need 4? Wouldn't 2 be sufficient?
I love that considering this was at BM she could've been entirely trolling and you would never know
I'm Japanese, and the translation isn't entirely accurateThe first half is correct (Not a happy ending), but the second half is closer to "You're right.. there's alot of foreshadowing which was not resolved".The wordis often used for "flags", which mean specific plot points or foreshadowing made earlier in the story.It's not clear if he's talking about MiA, but if so, he's talking about MiA having a unhappy (or unsatisfying) ending, and that some foreshadowing were not addressed.
It seems like whether youre on YouTube Reddit, TikTok, or Twitter, the same type of content shows up again and again and again. They basically all the same platform, just with slight differences
Did you fr leave Joel out!??? rofl
Bon Nenes Mentaiko pasta. Just get it with half the butter so its not overwhelming
Its happened a couple times as well, theyre not really familiar with this category of device and seem to want to play it safe
I usually use it as an external monitor while I get some work done or play games. Maybe connecting it to a Mac eats the battery
I have a 2400mAh and itll still last only for 4-5 hours. So not a full flight
Vision Pro is awesome to use while traveling, including on the journey there (airplane, trains, etc.). I just wish the battery would last longer, even with an external battery it doesn't last a full coast-to-coast flight
Depends on your definition of "quick", but you can crack into Private Equity you'd likely have \~5M in net worth by the time you're 40.Key to "rich" is to have assets which appreciate in value, but also have sufficient income to pay for your daily expenses. PE will give you both.There's a reason why it's such a highly coveted career in the white collar space.The most straight forward way to get there is to get into a target school, maintain high GPA, get into a good IB program, then recruit for PE.Is it competitive? Yes. Is it going to be long hours and hard work? Yes. But it'll set you and your future generation for financial independence. Being from a wealthy family who can donate their way into an ivy league school or have family friends who are GPs would make it much much much easier, but you can make it happen with hard work and dedication.(Of course, similar to the tech meltdown, it's unclear if this model will be viable a decade or two in the future. But if the rich are going to get richer, it will continue to happen through PE, and you'll get a piece of that pie being at the table)
Dude would literally score 100 pts
Love this! Not to nitpick, but does the hat stay the same size, while the sandals grow in size?
Literally every following slot can be the Don
The top 10 comments are literally all Don kreig lolol
Thai Diner is bomb, have to try their crab fried rice. Fish Cheeks is nearby and I'd reccomend it. They also have 7th street burger now, which is (still) good despite them expanding. Cafe Lyria is just across the street in Houston and they have some great coffee.Skip Tacombi, get Birria-landia instead if you're down to street food. Prince street pizza is good, order online for a full pizza to skip the insane line and eat it at Elizabeth Street Garden.Shout out to Lovely day for a place with a vibe
Desire is not a word well known in Japanese. It could be dream though!
I don't really understand the use case for this. I feel like the ipad is sufficient, or you can just use the AVP to do the same research?
Looking forwards to hearing how long the new one will last. I feel that the quality has gone down in the recent years, so fingers crossed it'll last for another 20
I can read a whole book going up those 7 escalators, but I do have to say it's the cleanest train of them all.Also the L and 6 gets way too crowded during rush hours
Oh I didn't know that, thanks for the tip
Oh yeah, the immigration for non-americans is bad in NYC, especially at JFK. You could be waiting there for 1.5+ hours just at immigration.That's based on the assumption flights won't get delayed. I feel like rarely any flights land on time these days, so I'd probably add another 2 hour buffer just to be safe.You also can't get any refund on the amtrak if your flight is delayed, because they're not operated by the same company too
Truly incredible how Hollywood still struggles to tell a story just with minorities. Itll change though, with increased representation in directing, script writing, acting, etc.Just to be clear Im not against movies with white people in it. I just think there could be more movies which accurately represent the world we live in, without ostracizing the majority of the worlds population.Sad to see people in a community about a story which predominantly takes place in China downvoting comments expressing more representation.
I think were in agreement that we want to see better representation for minorities
Ah my bad I thought you were referring to why there were so few women represented in the scientific team of the Manhattan project.
I wanted to make the point they were being historically accurate regarding the lack of women on the project, because that was the reality.
Regarding the other female characters in the movie, they definitely couldve done a better job in terms of character development or playing a role in the story.
It felt like they added them in to not make it a sausage fest without considering if they brought anything pivotal to the storyline
I dont even think they appealed to the US audience. The US is almost 50/50 in terms of white/non-white, but the cast was way whiter than it needed to be.
Especially considering that we already have enough stories told from a white perspective and this isnt one of them
Here are some of the top scientific figures involved in the Manhattan Project, including women:
J. Robert Oppenheimer (Scientific Director) Enrico Fermi Leo Szilard Ernest Lawrence Hans Bethe Arthur Compton Glenn Seaborg Rudolf Peierls Otto Frisch Emilio Segr Felix Bloch Eugene Wigner James Chadwick Niels Bohr Edward Teller Klaus Fuchs Harold Urey Luis Alvarez John von Neumann George Kistiakowsky Seth Neddermeyer Robert Serber Victor Weisskopf Rudolf Brill Leona Woods Marshall Libby (one of the few women physicists on the project) Maria Goeppert Mayer (theoretical physicist, later a Nobel laureate) Lilli Hornig (chemist who worked on plutonium purification) Stanisaw Ulam Isidor Isaac Rabi Willis Lamb Emil Konopinski C. J. Mackenzie Philip Abelson Walter Zinn Samuel Goudsmit Herbert L. Anderson Bernard Waldman David Bohm George Placzek Chien-Shiung Wu (physicist who helped develop the process for separating uranium isotopes) Joan Hinton (physicist who worked on the uranium enrichment process) Joseph W. Kennedy Charles Allen Thomas Norman Hilberry Alvin Weinberg Louis Slotin Philip Morrison Robert R. Wilson George WeilWhile this list includes 49 scientists, it is by no means exhaustive.
Several women, such as Leona Woods Marshall Libby, Maria Goeppert Mayer, Lilli Hornig, Chien-Shiung Wu, and Joan Hinton, made valuable contributions to the Manhattan Project, even though they were a small minority among the thousands of people involved.
Id hope they will take advantage of their sports partnerships to push immersive video content.
Im sure theyre willing to leverage this if they decide to go all in on the category.
I presume theyll ramp up production as they get closer to the second generation vision device, and based on the consumer reception theyll fully commit.
Downloading YT videos would be awesome
Now which row or column will win on a 5v5?
I think itll be the chads or the evils
Would be so fun to see this on the playa
Send her a pic of something (billboard, food, etc) and tell her it reminded me of you. Make it based on something you talked about, shell appreciate you remembering some small detail of the night or about her.
I think we need tools to make It easier for people to build content inside the headset. Think of something like Roblox, or being able to make interactive items and a game or storytelling device. Beautifulthings.xyz is good, but the objects arent interactive
Ill preface by saying that Im Japanese (have grown up half in Japan and half outside of Japan), so my perspective isnt that of Taiwanese people.My understanding is Taiwan was the first major region that Japan occupied, and thus Japan put in a significant effort to create a model colony out of Taiwan. They surveyed the island, took biological records of the wildlife, and to an extent modernized Taiwan. I was surprised to see how a sizable portion of Taiwans natural history museum were contributions by Japanese scientists when I went to Taipei.However, I think its about how people in Taiwan perceive Japanese occupation which is relevant. This actually isnt entirely about what Japan did in Taiwan, but what came after. The kuomintang led nationalist government committed mass murder (known as the 228 incident), which made those who lived through both eras look back fondly at the era of Japanese occupation.Im not trying to justify colonialism, but feel that the atrocities by the nationalism government seems to have painted a (relatively) positive light of the Japanese occupation in the eyes of the elders.I am curious to hear a Taiwanese persons perspective on this though, because my understanding is that the occupying japanese forces also did their fair share of inhumane acts during the occupation.
Im sure theres a lot of push back. Not enough devices in peoples hands, new OS with ok but not great documentation (compared to iOS), people not wanting to risk it again after being burned by the last XR hype cycle (leap, snap, etc)
Honestly what we need is more content. NBA, f1, MLS, MLB etc. match recaps in immersive 180 video would be enough for me to come back on a daily basis (and pay for Apple+)I doubt Apple will create a developer program which pays devs but can allocate resources to content if they wanted to
Lyly Birch smell is the best imo. Tar is nice if she likes smoked sauna, but its far less common so the safe bet would be birch
Yeah the math just doesnt work, especially for consumer apps. Even if you projected the 2nd gen and 3rd gen vision devices to sell at the growth rate of iPhones (I believe 2nd gen iPhone sold x1.8), its not remotely enough for a developer to go build it if you want to make a scalable business.Enterprise apps are a whole different story
Exactly, couldve made it into a demo of spacial shopping instead of a spacial experience
Im glad they didnt make it possible to buy the collection via Apple Pay. I may have bought the ring
Yeah I understand that its a trade off. I wonder if theres a way to have the app downloaded, and then once that download is complete the highlight video can be downloaded automatically in the background
Yeah ngl this was really good, good job!Is there a way to have the highlight video automatically download? I think that would shorten the waiting time for users. Also queuing downloads would be a nice feature too
I think there's a stark difference between fetishizing and respecting a certain culture. If you're putting up Japanese artwork as art and is respecting it, I doubt any Japanese person will take offense. But making some cheap piece of clothing and branding it as "kimono" since it will sell better is disrespectful in my eyes.I think the keyword here is "authenticity" and "respect". As long as one adopts a culture with these in mind, there is nothing wrong with it. But it's ultimately up to those who belong in the original culture to decide if these standards are being met. Obviously there is no "singular hive mind of Japanese consciousness", and the answer will depend from person to person.As Japan becomes more racially/culturally diverse (albeit slower than most other nations), these definitions will shift. A Ukrainian born woman (ethnically entirely white European) just became Ms. Japan, which led to alot of backlash. Personally I think this is a welcoming change as Japan embraces diversity, especially as she is much more culturally Japanese than most ethnically Japanese people. I feel Japan should redefine what it means to be Japanese, and cultural symbols like her or Osaka Naomi, Rui Hachimura, are pushing the envelope in a positive way.And to answer your question:Traditionally (pre industrial revolution) kimonos were worn by people of different social class for a variety of occasions. Kimono actually means "clothes", which includes sub categories such as samui (work clothes) or yukata (summer clothes). There's also a word for western clothes (), which is what most people wear these days.In modern era, there are certain occasions you are more likely to see it (e.g. summer festivals, tea ceremony, black tie events), but it's not uncommon to see people wearing kimono on the streets any time of the year.Maybe it's worth having a conversation with your daughter-in-law to get her perspective on it.
Kimono () is literally Japanese. It's called Hanfu () in Chinese and Hanbok in Korea.
Besides mandating iPad apps to be on visionOS would have gone poorly with the dev community and other tech companies, I wonder if a certain level of fine tuning was required to adjust iPad apps to work seamlessly on the visionOS.
Its racist too, stop fetishizing our culture, both in terms of Japanese culture as well as BM culture. Pretty annoying that it keeps on popping up even through I reported it as inappropriate
I could almost smell the alcohol in the locker room
Now thats some exciting stuff! Spacial workflow. The question is: does this make it worth wearing a AVP on your head? Probably not yet, but maybe down the line?
Didn't know they had an app for it
Not atm, it's purely conceptual at this point
Wow this is the closest Meta comparison I've come across. Will check it out!
Thanks! Currently using [these]( but open to other ideas
Will work on making a testflight version!Currently using [these]( to take videos.
Since I got alot of positive feedback I'll look into building a testflight version!We'll likely start with a few cities in the US, and continue to expand as I go travel around this summer.Planning to do Japan, SEA, then Europe. Lmk if you have places you want to explore via my app
Conceptually very similar! Im still debating whether it should be photos or videos.
If its photos its very similar to this app, although Im thinking well hire people to take content, so its much higher quality.
Campus tours, wedding planning, real estate are some examples I think could be enterprise use cases.
No, it's an MVP on testflight. I'll build a full app if there's sufficient interest
Thanks! I recorded them myself since I was in Boston last week
I've been working on an MVP for tours in 360 video. I haven't been able to find one which integrated 3D models and 360 video, especially on the AVP, so decided to make one.Would love to get your thoughts!
This is solid! Wish I discovered this a month ago and I'd have been able to build things much faster haha
Just checked out your tutorials, custom skybox was interesting. I've taken a different approach, but good to know there are multiple ways of doing it.My devstrap is arriving today, will check out your tutorial if I get stuck somewhere!
This tutorial will probably a good place for you to begin[
This is super exciting! Immersive live-streaming is the ultimate use case IMO, and you guys are taking the first step. Im building something too, will DM you
Took my first Amtrak and the AVP was awesome. The in train wifi was good enough for me to use the Mac virtual display too. I also got disconnected pretty frequently (at least ten times in the 4 hours I was on), but it came back immediately and wasnt a huge issue
I also have an M1 MBP from 2020, and it works pretty good if you use lower resolution. I can barely notice the difference.For (1), I suggest using something like Magnet to keybind certain window configuration. I usually have it at max size and have 4 windows up.
Brave would be awesome, it's my default browser for my iPhone and Mac. I'd like to see Google Earth, and the standard Youtube app so we can watch 360 VR videos.
I usually like to keep the AppleTV stuff until the end, since you want to be able to monitor what they're doing and guide them by mirroring what they're doing on your phone or mac. The AppleTV content (as well as HBO content etc.) can't be mirrored due to copyright.I think the fruit ninja game is a fun one to show as well.
Bro made me look like a fool lol
When using Macbook's mirroring, turn on your environments just a little. It'll drastically decrease your VR sickness.This is because VR sickness partially occurs due to the screen cutting into walls or other objects in the view in an unnatural way, which can be prevented if the environment covers them.The key is dialing up just enough so you can still see the keyboard!
Yeah right now Apple doesn't allow you to set custom environments. Probably a matter of time though. Personally I'd like to see video environments, similar to the lock screen of MacOS Sonoma.(I'm aware that the current environments move slightly, but not to the extent as I'd like to see)
Doing the same thing, but going from 256 to 1TB!
bro must be a big backpack haha
Heya I think they dont have any international keyboard yet. Its only sold in the US right now.
6 and L are the worst lines to commute on IMO. So glad I can take BDFM
That's super cool! The potentials are limitless
You can borrow it for a relatively affordable price if you live in the US, takes great footage
Super inspiring read, thanks for sharing!!
Ive had it since launch day and havent had much issue with connectivity. Could be Wi-Fi, or display settings. I noticed that low resolution is serviceable graphics and eliminated any latency so Ive been using that now
I hook it up to my MBP, and code on it sometimes. But I honestly would prefer having my monitor back home. Unless I'm on the road, or they release apps for coding in vision OS, I feel it'll be hard to use it for standalone
Got it, will try to tinker with the resolution tomorrow and see how that goes.I didn't even notice foveal rendering being an issue. But yeah I can see how having two UI (mouse and eye tracking) running simultaneously could lead to focal point issues
I'm no MBP expert, but it could be a combination of old device and mid wifi. Other components in my 2020 MBP could be leading to latency
What MacBook do you have? I wonder if it's more about the apps I'm using and there's a way to optimize my current device without dropping another 3k for a 25% workflow improvement.
Its awesome to see people building use cases for the pro. Thanks a lot!

The problem with the pass through is that the virtual environment is pretty hard to use since it interferes with your hands.
The real question is whether youll miss it after you return it
Bro this is so cool I didnt know it was possible. Thanks for letting me know :)
I forgot about FOV until you mentioned it
I expected to buy it, and break up with it over valentines.
Not sure why you have so many downvotes, I think your comment is entirely valid.Id say you have to experience it yourself to understand the difference. Ive had the Quest 2 and Quest pro, and have built apps on the Meta store. So Id say Im more involved in the ecosystem than an average Apple consumer.Id say the image quality, user experience, and seamlessness of the apple ecosytem cant be understated (only applies if you are an iPhone/mac user). Being able to connect via your iPhone and not having to set up the Wi-Fi, or your AirPods automatically connecting to the device feels magical.Im not convinced if Ill keep the device though, its way too expensive and if this doesnt entirely replace my Mac, or I want to build in the VR ecosystem again, I cant justify the price.So far its more of an iPad replacement in terms of productivity, and the verdict is yet to be out on if I want to build on this thing.
I hundred percent agree, but we know its going to happen. Before we know it there will be people live-streaming their lives in spacial video as well, and at that point we will be living other peoples lives.Is that the world we want to live? Probably not. But its going to happen whether we like it or not, so the best we can do is guide it down a responsible direction
Yeah stores always have stock for any new launches. I went around an hour before it opened, and there was only 8 or so people in front of me. My demo was scheduled around noon (I went to the gym and came back after I put my name down), and they still had stock for all storage options.
I mean you could go and return it in 2 weeks
Yeah this is the best thing thats happened to the AR/VR/MR ecosystem. More competition leads to innovation.With that being said, the ecosystem aspect of AVP is just at a whole different level compared to Quest, so I think its hard for meta to compete in that aspect.Just different purposes I guess
Yeah which is just insufficient for me at least as of now.Ah yeah it could totally be due to the Wi-Fi as well. Im at a lounge-ish place where I dont control the Wi-Fi, so its unfortunately outside of my control
Yeah especially considering that a decent number of people still wear masks
Just got it there, definitely more low key than the 5AV location, but super nice environment to try it out
Tried the demo today, was convinced and bought it on the spot. Id say live sports, and reliving memories is the two major cases of it. The build quality, user experience, overall thoughtfulness is unparalleled and nothing like the quest.
I think the killer app will be interactive storytelling with realistic characters. With GPT and AVP we're halfway there. Lip syncing is almost a solved problem, gestures and facial expressions are still unresolved.Now is that the world we want to live in? Maybe it's not so different than people being glued onto their phones all the time.Personally, I go back and fourth on whether I want to live in a world where people spend multiple hours a day with a headset glued to their face.
Ive been there many times, to the point I became friends with the bartender. Its usually a 1.5-3 hour wait for the back room, unless you go at weird hours.
Id recommend you skip the first room since they just serve overpriced cocktails on tap.The line outside is for both the first and second rooms. Get in line, and the staff will eventually get to you asking if you want to put your name down for the back room. Go ahead and do it, then leave the line. Go grab dinner somewhere nearby for an hour or two, Id recommend Cocoron although they only take cash.You actually dont have to wait in the line to get into the second room. When you get a notification, head over and tell the staff you got the text. Smooth sailing from there!French toast and key lime pie are my favorites
Family mart chicken FamiChiki is unparalleled. Gotta try it.
Also boiled eggs from any combiniBut the true Japanese combini experience at this time of year is the Oden. Its the soup that smells super nice the moment you go in. Get the egg, konnyaku, daikon. A true pleasure
Its cold! Bring a blanket and a hot thermos. Get hand warmers too, they sell them at Duane reade
Im here at the club as I type this out, and I think its great for my particular situation.Price: it goes up precipitously after the first few years, so it depends on how many years its been since youve graduatedHotels: I dont think its worth it, its pretty expensive from what I understand and the amenities are mid.Fitness facility:
Has everything youd want, including peloton machines. Equipment and gym isnt necessarily the newest, but its clean and spacious. Also they have great sauna and steam rooms.Bars/restaurant
Decent but nothing special. Price is high-ish, but happy hours and oyster nights are a pretty good deal. Their drinks are STRONG!Events:
I think its okay, they have a bunch of events all the time, but it can get a bit repetitive. I guess it depends for what youre looking for.
If you want to go with anime, Paprika is a visual psychedelic masterpiece.For western movies, Id recommend inherent Vice for its unreliable narrator (Joaquin Phoenix) to keep you in a state of perpetual confusion.
Haki is a word used semi-regularly in Japanese, unrelated to the concept of Haki in one piece. Theres no 1:1 translation in English, closest would be willpower.In this particular context, the Japanese original seems to imply the standard definition instead of the concept of Haki unique to one piece
It sayswhich is pronounced Oyakata. It usually means "boss", most frequently used in the carpentry industry. I think it can also be used by the yakuza.
Isodi lasagna. Redefined what lasagna will ever be for me
The homeless situation seems to have gotten really bad today all of a sudden. It could have just been the rain, but I saw like 5+ homelss people in the subway station.
I live in SoHo and pay less then $1300/mo in rent, with two roommates. I see roommates as a pro since we can host more and its nice to meet people through them. Would recommend mixed gender roommates if possible.
I feel like Nanachi's power of being able to see the curse of the abyss would indicate which way is up/down, since the curse only works for those trying to go up. Unless the relic has other uses than a compass, I'm not sure what other plot points this can serve
Have had the plan for a month now, thought it could be spider mites but I don't see any webs on this one
This the CitiBike Annual membership right? So if you start/end in a different borough and one of them is Manhattan, it becomes $3+tax for 45 min?
Wait what perk do you have to have your ride cost capped at $3?
They probably need a cop to prevent the robot cop from being vandalized
I heard daft punk got together and did an impromptu set at the trash fence?
Maybe it's because I'm Japanese, but the anime voice actors doing the Japanese dub makes this x10 more enjoyable. I switch between English raw and Japanese dub periodically to get the best of both worlds
Tried 3 different docks, none worked so had to leave it in a dock and go to work. Contacted lyft support chat, who told me they don't handle bike problems and the team will "email me as soon as possible".Not sure what I was supposed to do here... hold onto my bike until I receive an email from support??The last 3 times I had issues with lyft bike, they also told me they'll email me. To no one's surprise, I still haven't heard back from them.
Meanwhile, I just spent $37 on four tacos three blocks north fml
Great movie, highly recommend if you haven't watched it. The biggest difference is that there isn't a specific moment where civilization will be destroyed by climate change, and it's a slow and painful process.
So not in time for the eternity glaciers to be an eternity glacier
Investing in reliable sustainable indexes is only the start, we should find a way for consumers to choose bases on the environmental impact of individual businesses.
The more a politician says "let me be honest" or "the reality is" or "here's the truth", don't believe what they are about to say.
In every age there has been doomsayers. With that being said, the wildfires in Yosemite I experienced were crazy!
So if carbon offsets don't work, how do we hold companies accountable?
That bag better be full of 10g or Molotov cocktails
Covid and Ukraine war are great excuses
My god all these great comments and where's op? Has he even read them or did he take someone's advice and go on internet fast?
So what are you going to do, now that almost 100 people have given you suggestions?
>Predictably Irrational by Dan ArielyJust had a look, that's an interesting read. Not related to the idea I had, but found the high price of ownership to be something I hadn't thought about.So what you're saying is that people spend too much time on small ticket purchases, but are too impulsive on large ticket items right?
Thank you for saying this! I'm actually in the process of developing a prototype, got a bit dejected, and decided to put the mock-up of it on reddit to get some prospective user feedback.
Thanks! Wow I didn't know that YNAB had certifications for coaching. I've spend some time in the r/ynab and I have to say there are some passionate people there.Not interested in competing head first with a giant like them, but I was trying to understand if there was a different approach to being more conscious with your money.
Yeah lifestyle creep really gets you on vacations. What's the last thing you added to the essentials list? What prompted you to add it?
Same here, don't like having a cluttered room, especially since I live in NYC. Do you do this in your head, or do you write it out?
Damn I wasn't going to charge $50, I'm not YNAB. Was thinking $2.50/mo or something like that, depending on how expensive server costs are.My plan was to use Plaid to connect to your bank account. From there we'd just pick up the high ticket items.If users don't want to connect via plaid, they can manually put in the expenses. Up to the user.Alright, how about the middle ground where it's a 5/5, but instead of you pulling a slider to choose, you press the +- buttons
100% agree.As a matter of fact, I'd say that the most affluent people in my life are the most conscious with how they spend their money.
Thanks, yeah I think there are many people in this community who decide to have the frugal lifestyle for various reasons. Not having disposable income could be a reason, but not everyone is in that camp
Thanks alot! Hearing you say that you can't believe this doesn't exist yet is the best compliment I can receive.It definitely seems like this app would work in tandem with a budgeting app.ADHD is real, and it's only getting more real with people's attention span shortening (short form video content, etc.)&#x200B;How do you currently do the budgeting, list making, reviews? What kind of interface do you think you would find valuable?&#x200B;(back to the other points you mentioned)Another reason I wanted to build this app is because we're in a crazy economic period where most people in America are starting to feel the pressure. Groceries are expensive, rent is up, but our wages just haven't increased at the same pace.If you ask me, the way middle class Americans have lived their lives for the past century is an outlier in the history of humankind. For most of history, majority of the world lived "paycheck-to-paycheck", even if their "paychecks" came in the form of crop harvest.But it doesn't have to be, in this day and age! We can find ways to find fulfillment without having to get the newest gadgets, fashion items, or travel to Greece every summer.
Yeah retail therapy is a coping mechanism which hits you with dopamine, but you oftentimes don't end up getting the utility from the purchase in the way you thought. One of the reasons I wanted to build this app is because I used to treat purchasing as retail therapy as well, and one day I bought one too many things I wasn't going to use, and was like 'hol up.How would you like to track the value you get from your purchases, and do you think this would help you make better purchase decisions in the future?
Accountability buddies, love that
Thanks! I'm looking into the 9 step program in the book and it's amazing. But yeah, the concept is the same. I'm assuming the default is that you initially felt that purchase added to your life (otherwise why did you even decide to buy it lol), so reflecting back, it would be whether the purchase added more than you expected, or less than you expected.I like the +- idea instead of doing it 5/5. It feels more intuitive.Yeah, I felt that there are times it gets revised more than once. For instance, you bought a PS5, loved it for the first few weeks, but stopped playing with it once the novelty wore off. In that case, the line chart would go up, then down.I feel that there is a threshold on the price point people care about (around $50?), and the frequency people want to track purchases (every two weeks?). We could set a default, and the user can change it the way they seem fit. We would also avoid large ticket expenses which would not make sense (groceries, rent, insurance, etc.) and focus on discretionary spending (dinners, movies, new kitchenware, etc.).
It's a good thing that you're now more conscious about your purchasing behavior. I feel that most people in this mod started thinking about frugality after regret in a purchase, or seeing the impact on their financial well being.Plus, you could always have your own estate sale and sell your stuff haha
Exactly, although my thought was that making this subconscious process something trackable would increase productivity in the decision making. Instead of having to constantly think about it, or fear forgetting your thought process, or having it scattered across notebooks, excel sheets, etc., you could have it in a single application
Yeah, the target audience would be those who are living paycheck to paycheck, not because they cannot meet the basic needs in the hierarchy, but because they have unhealthy spending habits.The thesis is: can you spend less but maintain your quality of life?
Definitely. I agree that there is beauty in unexpected encounters and purchases which can brighten up your day. But similar to how people still keep track of their finances, or some people track their sleeping habits, screen time, calories, etc. If tracking it is a worthwhile task, there are some who will do so.
Absolutely. I definitely try to buy things with a deal. Now that you've add the iphone, how is it? Do you use the data or the subscriptions?
Oh wow I didn't know economists actually measures utility like this. Yeah, based on the concept of utility, I would be looking to create an app that would enable individuals to track the utils they derive from individual purchases, using the information to make future purchase decisions.There seemed to have been this app called [Joy (by Happy Money)]( which did something similar, but it shut down a few years ago. Not sure why they failed, but I feel this could be a way for people to decrease their spending, but maintain their quality of life.
That's a solid mental model you've set for yourself. And congrats on success in your job!How often do you look back and think "damn I shouldn't have bought that" or "why didn't I buy this sooner"?
Food delivery is so expensive! They've used venture capital money to subsidize it and get people hooked to it, and now is jacking up prices. It's a common tactic used by startups to achieve growth, you see it with airbnb, ubers, etc.I'm on eBay or Mercari all the time too. It's a great place to find deals.Have you looked back to think about whether the purchase was "worth it"? Like did the novelty wear off, or you realize that you already had too many pairs of sneakers, etc.I'm wondering if visualizing the gratification/regret from purchases would create a new habit of people being more conscious with their spending.
Okay, so you definitely have great self control when it comes to how you spend your money. Definitely easier said than done!I guess you wouldn't see a need to keep track of the "gratification/happieness" you get from your purchases, since you already have set routines on spending, and lives a pretty frill-free life?
Thanks for the valuable insight, and I'm glad you don't subscribe to "retail therapy". Not only is it bad for your wallet, it's literally destroying the world.I like how you keep a list for expensive purchases. Do you reflect on your purchase and consider if it was "worth it" or not? I'm assuming you came to the conclusion that the 14 pro ($999+) was worth more than the 14 ($799) or the 13 pro ($576+), but I'm curious if you've looked back on it now you have had it for a week.
>Frugality is the mental approach we each take when considering our resource allocations.The description of this community suggests otherwise. Even if you were talking about food, people make choices. Beef vs Chicken? Cheese vs Milk? Ice cream vs chocolate? How do you make those decisions?
Ah,a man of taste. I have great memories with WoWYeah, getting into individual cookware level may not be worth it, although the user could potentially decide how granular they want to go, and track individual cookware.
Thanks!Recurring purchases definitely makes sense. There's a plethora of "give us your credit card info and we'll tell you all the hidden subscriptions you forgot about", but none of them (to my knowledge) enables you to compare the per-dollar-gratification you get from said subscription.My hypothesis was that you could forecast some of these things based on your past (similar) purchases, or how others (similar to you in demographics) rated the "gratification" they received from the product the day after, week after, and a month after.It takes the current reviewing system a step further, and tracks the gratification over time, as well as break it down to those who are similar to you.
Yes! Comparing the per-dollar gratification of your consumption is what I think would be worth tracking.I like your coffee shop example. You see diminishing gratification in returning to the same coffee shop, so would prefer to spend the same $5 going to a new one. Better yet, save that money to go check out the new restaurant that opened down the street.The social aspect of this would be very interesting. Comparing what your significant other perceives to be the better use of money, or seeing what people of similar demographics perceive is "worth-it", could be great reference points for future purchases.In an ideal world, how would you like to track this "gratification" data?
But the problem is that's how so many people live paycheck to paycheck right? ([e.g. 58% of Americans](I was hoping to build something which would enable people to make better financial decisions so they can allocate money on things like retirement or kid's college education.
Thanks for your response! I also set up budgets for groceries, going out, dates, etc. Taking a step further, how do you decide what to buy within that budget? For example, let's say you have a budget for home improvement. Do you replace your vacuum, or the AC?I think we all have our own formulas around purchases, but oftentimes do not reflect on the purchases we made. I was wondering if this was something people would be interested in tracking, in order to make better purchase decisions going forwards.
Thanks for the input! The list is just an example, not of my actual purchases.I like how you divide physical and emotional need. If I was to challenge your example though, isn't that how one starts calling shopping "retail therapy"?Everyone values things differently, so it's impossible to come up with a universal metric. The only common rule of thumb is relativity amongst your other purchases."How do I compare a bar of chocolate to a denim jacket? Would a hundred chocolate bars bring more gratification for me compared to one jacket?"The problem of dividing consumption to purely physical and emotional need is that most purchases are not purely one or another. Chocolate has calories which satisfies your physical needs, but it also satisfies your emotional ones. Denim jackets keep you warm which satisfies a physical need, but could be a fashion statement as well.&#x200B;Oppenheimer was definitely a blast btw, worth watching on the big screen.
Doing god's work, thank you so much!
Thanks! Seems like that was the issue so Ive taken action
For the first time in my life, I started tracking my expenses. Sounds stupid I didn't do it until, now but I felt that I had all the money in the world, and could always "make more" or "work harder" in order to supplement the hole burning in my wallet.Turns out, when you're working you're exchanging your time for money (duh). I didn't dislike what I did, but I love the level of freedom I have now. Do I really need that new candle? Do I need to go on that cross-country trip to San Diego just because your Bay Area friends are going? Do I need to eat out and spend $45 min, or cook a delicious meal at home, especially if I enjoy the process?&#x200B;Noob Frugal community member, but excited in this journey
Warm up your chasen every morning before you make matcha, then put it on a whisk stand.
Oh you gotta go to Sakurai Baisenjo. They will do a whole omakase with tea leaves. They have great tea as well, especially the hojicha.You probably want to rsvp though&#x200B;
I wish I had enough certainty on where I would be living, I moved from Boston to NYC recently, and had to get rid of so much stuff...
Bro sex is overrated. Cuts into your sleep time
Not going to lie, that airport is horrible. I was at that exact location earlier in the year, and the lines were so long, staffs were extremely rude, and I had a horrible experience. Not condoning her action, but I can understand he frustration...
We should all carry around a sticker that says "I love parking in the bike lane" and stick it on every car that's blocking the bike lane
Stop buying stuff you dont need. I started tracking my expenses and realized how much unnecessary stuff I had been purchasing. Like, do I really need a callus removing gel?
White ghillie suit with white gloves, doesnt matter whats underneath haha
I thought about it, but its just not realistic if I had a basement in an RV
With that being said, maybe Ill consider it as my under the floor storage room so I can use all of my above floor area as living quarters
Theyre oakwood floating counters. Theres only one house with it in the vanilla game as far as Im aware (westpoint), but the lake ivy map mod adds a bunch more.
Much cleaner looking than the trailer floating counters you find in muldraugh
The metal ones have the highest storage capacity in the vanilla game (80), so optimal for a run like this one which has limited space.
Im not sure if the white one is in the vanilla game. I found them in Laky Ivy/Riverside fire department expansion mods, and had to add it inside since its such an asthenic storage
Ive done that a few times too, felt like I wanted to try something a bit different
The media would want to see a game 7. The refs will definitely be in our favor for game 5, if not for game 6 as well.
I left it running overnight and it used $5 while it was in a loop. I think it's really hard to spend THAT much money on it
Curious if anyone found a solution
Thanks for a great post. My friend and I who are both TCK have discussed similar issues, and feel that its important to balance your competitive advantage as well as your passion in your life.Where do you think your identity will have the most competitive advantage (country, industry, careers, etc.)?But at the same time, what is the lasting message you want to leave on the world?
If you feel that you want to change the image of caucasians in Middle East it may be worth going the unconventional path.Best
Thank you, Ive been seeing this for a long time and it frustrates the shit out of me. I know Ive lost money, but Im not sure how much because the % are off
I thought about it a lot, and decided to buy a little bit of SCI calls ($45 call 6/19 @3/19).
So far its down -72% in value, but will let you know if it goes up.
I absolutely agree with you. I guess its because I want to learn from deploying different plays. Also its a bit of a gamble and I enjoy it
Thanks for your opinion. Can I ask why you think its unlikely?
Did that in February.
Purchased a lot of put options beginning of March, gains deceased as the market rebounded but still up by 3-4x
Im holding my puts until we hit SPY 195 which is in accordance to the recession bottom trend line from all the way back to the 1920s.From there I have around a dozen stocks Id hold for the next few years until the market recovers.
Probably will have 25% of my investments in bullish option spreads then, with the rest being stocks.
Are they really worth 38.22B?For context Goldman is 50.79B, Salesforce is 120.21B. Is Zoom worth 3/4 of Goldman, 1/4 of Salesforce?
I put like 5k on September calls yesterday. Let's see how it goes
Yeah 1/2 my investments are already in long term put options. I dont know if well go down that much though tbh.
Are you suggesting selling outs or calls?
Nice. Yeah I realize I should have done that. What I did was liquidate my active (stocks) and passive (index fund) in early February. I was thinking even if theres no recession, I dont see the market going up anytime soon. Only downside seemed that Ill have to pay income tax on some of my short term investments.I mean, I wasnt wrong, I didnt lose any money. But oh boy if I had put some of that money into options early February, it would have been insane.
Oh well, not complaining since Im pretty well off for now.
Yeah, its now about identifying sectors which have not seen that much of a downturn, but will in the future. Immediate industries (tourism, airlines, etc.) are already expected to fall. So maybe industries that will be indirectly impacted by the crisis are the ones to go after?
Thinking about advertisement, insurance, cloud solutions (e.g. salesforce)
Rural regions will be hit hard by the crisis, so regional banks may be a good idea too
Yeah I mean its no longer a secret that SHTF when McKinsey is saying theres economic impact until Q4. Thats when you know things are priced in.
I dont think the world will go into anarchy because of this, so for me things seem priced in
Thats the plan in around 2-3 weeks. Considering that China is still struggling to get its workforce back into the factories, itll take at least that long for China to be back in full motion. Im a conservative guy, so when Chinas manufacturing capabilities are back, Id say thats when Ill start shifting my assets back to blue chip stocks.
(Source: friend in China who owns a factory)Thanks for the advice though!
Thank you!
Yes, I wouldnt consider what I did gambling. For me, it was quite foreseeable that COVID-19 was going to make a global impact, especially if you knew people in China or Japan.
Dont forget to put your option orders by 3PM EST. It may take a bit of time for the orders to be filled
Can one buy/sell options even if they stop trading of bonds stocks?
Yes, but do it tomorrow after the bounce back. SPY will likely go up considering today was a historic crash
Welcome to the side. Hope you dont get laid off, but happy to provide my insight. Im not a professional trader but have made 300% gains this past month. Heres what Im doing:Now that even Mckinsey is saying economic recovery will take until Q4, a lot of put options are starting to get expensive. Its what people would call it priced in, since its no secret well likely see a recession. With that being said Ill still buy some puts.
Id buy put options on days when the market is making a rebound. Considering we went down like crazy today, I foresee a temporary bounce back tomorrow. I bought some apple, cvs, Walmart stocks today, and will sell them tomorrow hopefully around +4%.With that money, I intend to buy some call options. Which ones? Not entirely sure but thinking of following.
SPY is a safe bet. If the economy goes down long term, so will SPY put options.
Avoid airlines, as theres been conversations of bail outs.If MGM or Wynn recovers a lot tomorrow (8%+) Ill buy mid term (3 month) puts there.
Dont know enough about oil so wont gamble there
Think I missed the boat on VIX so not touching that too.Until when will I hold them? Probably will sell 1/2 in 2 weeks, the rest in 4 weeks. I know holding puts overnight or over weekends are a bad idea normally, but now that puts are so high in demand, I feel like holding them for a longer period is better than keeping on buying shorter puts. Even considering the value depreciation as it get closed to expiry date. (Not an expert but has worked for me so far).
Why 2 weeks and 4 weeks? I want to play it safe. China has recovered from covid19 but people arent fully back to work yet. I have friends on the ground who own manufacturing companies and thats their information. So earliest China is back full capacity is 2 weeks from now. Should be back to capacity in 4 weeks.Will the market keep on going down until end of Q3? Possibly. But Ive made enough money and I dont see a reason to take more risks. DM me if you want to know what I actually did, since the situation constantly changes.
Ive thought about this a lot too. Been asking my friends in China on what the situation is like. Seems like its true that the virus is not spreading as much (maybe not to the low levels that CCP dictates), but the economic impact still seems yet to come.
The wife of the startup founder I invested into owns a huge material company, and she said that the people on the ground have yet to go back to work. She said theydont trust the governments announcement that everything is OK.In summary, I think Ill liquidate 1/2 my puts in 2 weeks, and buy to long term stocks. The rest of the puts Ill liquidate in around a month from now.
Holding INDA $22 9/18 from last week. Printing pretty good
How can you identify the peak when youre not actively testing?
Dal 35 9/18, AAL 11 3/20
Maybe this is a stupid question, but wouldnt the government first let the airlines file chapter 11, then provide financial support?
What happens to our puts then?
Are you worried about the market bouncing back up, or tanking so hard that RH will go bankrupt and not be able to withdraw from them?
Do you see the risk being the market will bounce and you lose all your puts, or market crashing so hard that RH will go bankrupt?
Yep were stuck around hills dale
All of Europe is playing with no audience
Sell all, and buy put options for MSG (one of the few publicly traded sports stadium stocks)OrHold your current assets for another 2-3 years until it rebounds
My train just left Palo Alto, are you guys still stuck at burlingame?
It went below $70 during the financial crisis of 07. It was also $44 around 94
Where in California is this ship held?
This is inaccurate. The diamond cruise accounts over half of these cases
Downtown SF (harvest urban market) - theres less water bottles than before, but they still have 1 gallon ones left. Seems like everything is still in stock
Itll be cool if this community took off.
Im Japanese, but grew up in Austria Serbia Slovenia, and now live in San Francisco. I moved to the Bay Area because I wanted to live in a place that had good career opportunity, diversity, weather, and work-life balance.Ive always been search for an ideal home, and have traveled to London, Paris, Berlin, Zurich, Amsterdam, Rome, Madrid, Barcelona, Zagreb, Accra, Capetown, NYC, LA, Chicago, Toronto, Singapore, Taipei, Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen. Oh yeah and bunch of places in japan.The truth is, theres no place thats going to call out to you. Maybe there is, but it may take your entire life to find it, or you may never find it.Trying to be a maximizer will only get you so far in life. Its important to sometimes be a satisfier and have some requirements, and stay wherever that meets what youre looking for. (Book paradox of choice)The faster you commit to a place or community, the faster you find a home imo.
I dont regret traveling around though. A lot of it was business so I was able to do it as work, as well as meet a lot of locals through my companys regional offices.
Its good to expand your horizon, but also important to find a time to reach a conclusion and commit.
I feel violated by intern season
There's this bar that I frequent a few blocks away from my house. Technically different neighborhood, but generally has a mature vibe with people who like music and to dance. Today when I went to the bar and all of a sudden I felt like I was at a college basement party. I thought that I must have been hallucinating, but Then a girl pointed at me and referred to me as the old person. That's when I knew I had to get out of there.I was at the wrong party.As I walk back home, all of a sudden I realize that there were now tens of thousands of 18 year-old 19 year-old 20-year-olds who were all living on top of each other and were super young and horny to basically use the New York nightlife as their own personal orgy dome.Naturally I felt violatedBut then again, I thought to myself. Am I not the same as they are, just at a longer time horizon? I'm also a transient being in the city. They might only be here for three months, but I've only been here for three years as well. As a matter fact, there are bunch of people have done this for generations where their parents and their grandparents and their grandparents all met in New York, and they all decided to live somewhere in the broader region whether it be Westchester, Wilmington, Big Indian, Boston, etc.New York City is equally adventurous to each, so who am I to judge how others enjoy this adventurous city.
H1B holders, what are your thoughts on the narrative that you are being exploited?
H1B holders, do you feel exploited, or see it as an opportunity to build a better life for you in the US?
What needs to happen for the league to review the inconsistencies of the refs?
[removed]
Are you guys for/against banning Tiktok in the US?
[removed]
Whats a movie that best represents your childhood?
There's so many coming of age movies for boomers and millennials, what about for gen-Z?
Spacial tours with 3D map and 360 video
Best blogs, tutorial channels to learn
Hey Im an iOS developer building in visionOS. Do people have recommendations on resources to catch up on new featuresets for spacial computing?
Can't wait for Vision Air 5 launching in 2034 with these transparent displays!
Watching Edgerunners on the moon feels
Thank you u/overpaidengineer for the inspo
Killer feature: accessing chatGPT (iPad app) and using audio as primary input
I just find this to be much easier than doing it on my Mac + display setup. Give it a try
Would you guys like to see Pokemon Go in AVP?
Hi guys,I think Pokemon could be one of the killer use case for the vision pro. Imagine, you could fight players from around the world from the comfort of your couch. With the recent controversy around Palworld, they're looking for the next "Pokemon Go" that would propel their franchise to the next level.Being Japanese, I happen to know a few key decision makers both in the Pokemon Company as well as Niantic. Alot of the in-game designs are transferrable, and I believe it's a matter of time until Niantic's Lightship ARDK will work on AVP.*What should I tell them? Lmk if you have thoughts or useful links/videos I should forward to them.*I'm confident that this will eventually become a thing, but the faster they ship the more AVP adoption we'll see.[personal info redacted for obvious reasons](
Can you actually work in AVP?
Im curious if people have been able to fully port their workflow into AVP.Ive been trying to actually use the Vision Pro to get some work done, but without github and visual studio code, its not been the easiest (also obviously no terminal). I could use Mac virtual display, but since I have a M1 MBP the latency is noticeable to the point its an adverse experience. I already dropped $4k on this device, renewing my MBP just so I can use it with my AVP is asking a bit too muchAlso wheres Xcode? If Apple wants AVP to be a work device, they gotta have at least Xcode right?I can get the simple stuff like emails done through AVP, but if this device cant replace my entire workflow, I dont know if I can justify the price. Im sure itll get resolved down the line (more of a software issue than hardware constraints), but curious to hear how realistic it is for people to port over their workflow to AVP, and what apps youd like to see ASAP.
Theory What if we live in the void 800 century
Lets say the WG is the current western civilization.The birth of Western history is in the Middle East, specifically Iraq (Nippur). Which is why the west, led by the US, has been trying to cause instability, and destroy historical artifacts. That way, the true history of how the WG came to be wont come into light. Like, archaeology is basically using artifacts discovered and interpreting it a certain way. The whole concept is something that mostly grew into a concept in the UK around 1824. 1824 is the year the Oxford English Dictionary defined "archaeology" a word.(Btw our generation will be remembered for our new additions which include anti-work, curry laksa, diet-busting, final frontier, fugazi, gajillion, skellington, straight-talking, stonkingly, voguing,etc.)Back to the main topic, what Im saying is that its pretty easy for the 1% to control the story of our world through archeologists and historians. These have traditionally been an activity for the rich and remains that way. Like, who tries to become a historian unless they have trust funds?So yeah, maybe the history we are told on a daily basis is pretty different from reality, and Oda is trying to tell us this message.What are pacifistas? They're our modern comparable to AI. They will be the ultimate, infinite, obedient, power between the celestial dragons (also known as the 1%) and us normal humans.So who is our Nika? Who is our Joy Boy? are we too early to hear the drums of liberation, or do we actually all have our own drums of liberation?&#x200B;&#x200B;[tourism of 19th century](
Help!English ivy is withering, any suggestions on what I should do?
Informative documentary video on YouTube
Creepy charlie with dead leaves, is this normal?
Lyft bike on the loose, support team will "email me as soon as possible"
Do you guys prefer earphones with cables? Why or why not?
Is it the retro look? Is the the convenience of not needing to recharge wireless ones? Is it the price of airpods? Do you care about sound quality?
Tracking our individual impacts on the world through ESG ratings
&#x200B;[Mock-up of ESG scores ](&#x200B;We've had ESG ratings for decades now, but it hasn'tplayed a significant role in the eyes of the consumer. Sure it has developed new investing policies and has made some impact from the shareholder side, but as someone who's worked in environmental consulting, I felt that we needed a more direct way of getting ESG ratings into the mass conscience.**Do you think individuals should be aware of our own ESG rating?**I feel that companies would take ESG ratingsseriously if consumers changed their purchase behaviors based on the score.The current method of consumer activism has yielded lackluster results. This is because once the news dies down, consumers forget about the scandal and go back to normal purchasing behavior. In addition, companies aren't really incentivized to make changes, since consumers hear about the scandal, but rarely stay informed about what was done about it.The first step towards voting with our dollars is to be aware of our current ESG impact. This can be approximated through the ESG score of the companies you are purchasing goods/services from, multiplied by the dollar amount of your purchase. , we can approximate from comparable public companies, or use other indicators (BCorp, Fair Trade, etc.)Please let me know what you think!Individual ESG scores could elevate sustainable conscience to another level, which would lead to climate activism on a larger scale.
How do you decide what to buy and not buy?
I've been lurking in this channel for a while now, and have been greatly inspired by the ways people have found ways to stretch their money. This got me thinking, is there a way to develop a mental model on what we buy or don't buy?I feel that most people decide what to buy based on past experiences, gut feeling, or the mood of that day. But is there a way to better understand what we get our "gratification" from, and track this?My initial idea was an app that would enable users to track the "gratification" they receive from their purchases. If you regret what you bought, you can record a decline in the gratification, or if you found the purchase better than you expected, you can record an increase.Of course, this would not necessarily apply to all purchases. Some things (rent, insurance, etc.) do not yield any gratification scores, but many purchases (clothes, going out, etc.) could.&#x200B;Would love to hear how you make your purchase decisions, and if there's a mental model you follow!(photo is a mockup of the idea I'm working on)
English ivy in critical condition
Ive had this baby for two months now, and all of a sudden it started to wither on me. I soaked it in water 3 days ago, but it doesnt seem to be doing any better
3 months in, the cleanest and most functional RV interior zomboid has to offer.
50k at a time?
I want to transfer from Robinhood, but WB only allows 50k transfers at a time. Each transfer which takes 5 days needs to be completed before I can transfer more.Is there no way to transfer 50k per day?
Still buying options?
Ive been trading options for the past month or so, and have made good money. But Ive realized recently that many put options have become quite expensive, to the point that the market has to crash HARD to make great gains. Whats everyones move now, since it seems that the looming economic recession is more priced in compared to before?
Seeking advice: Ive made some gains buying put options this month, but Ive not been doing call option spread. Option spread limits risk, but also limits profitability. I know in a normal economic scenario it makes sense, but are spreads still recommended when we cant see the bottom of the market?
Crazy gains, what now? Should I cash out or double down on puts?
Why trump probably has coronavirus
[removed]
Will Robinhood go down, with our money?
[removed]
Funeral stocks, yay or nay?
Trying to look ahead of the market here. The ZM, APT boat has set sail. Whats next?[SCI](